feat: `require-unicode-regexp` support `v` flag (#17402)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/require-unicode-regexp.md

    The `u` flag disables the recovering logic Annex B defined. As a result, you can find errors early. This is similar to [the strict mode](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode).

The RegExp `v` flag, introduced in ECMAScript 2024, is a superset of the `u` flag, and offers two more features:

1. **Unicode properties of strings**

    With the Unicode property escape, you can use properties of strings.

    ```js
    const re = /^\p{RGI_Emoji}$/v;

    // Match an emoji that consists of just 1 code point:
    re.test('⚽'); // '\u26BD'
    // → true ✅

    // Match an emoji that consists of multiple code points:
    re.test('👨🏾‍⚕️'); // '\u{1F468}\u{1F3FE}\u200D\u2695\uFE0F'
    // → true ✅
    ```

2. **Set notation**

    It allows for set operations between character classes.

    ```js
    const re = /[\p{White_Space}&&\p{ASCII}]/v;
    re.test('\n'); // → true
    re.test('\u2028'); // → false
    ```

> Please see <https://github.com/tc39/proposal-regexp-v-flag> and <https://v8.dev/features/regexp-v-flag> for more details.

Reviewer: These links should go in a "Further Reading" section at the bottom of the page instead of here. See the semi rule as an example: https://eslint.org/docs/latest/rules/semi#further-reading

> Therefore, the `u` and `v` flag lets us work better with regular expressions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, the `u` and `v` flags let us work better with regular expressions.
```
